200 million euros are docked here it's
this man's job to make sure these yachts
are worth it
mark vet house is checking the interior
fittings the yacht is scheduled for
handover in just a few weeks we have to
take our shoes off here an elevator
links the bedroom to the Sun Deck for
all the ceilings installed ok that's
done is the floor installed yet the
floor and handrail are from metric oh
the ceiling is there it's titanium
coated brass on a yacht the pace is a
bit slower everything has to be perfect
down to the millimeter so you can take a
bit more time and it's especially nice
when you're finished do you agree I see
it a bit differently
we have deadlines of course it does all
take time but we can't achieve this
level of quality of the workers are
forced to meet every deadline luxury
takes time and money these guest
bathrooms took 15 tonnes of sandstone as
well as chrome and African granite to
build there's also a cinema the cabins
for guests are paneled and wood the bar
is being installed in the salon this is
where the owner a billionaire of course
will receive his guests what are you
doing the fitting you can see that he's
gone gloves on that's to make sure the
oils on his skin don't leave any
blemishes on the surface and to avoid
scratches has the job made you more
finicky over the years yes it's really
bad but at home I do try to keep it
under control
and I'm not as finicky there
each tag indicates a tiny flaw
tomorrow's the handover Fed house relies
on the skills and craftsmanship of
specialists he's waiting for the owner's
representative who's also coming to
check out the work is over
good morning clive Goulding pays a visit
to nobis cogs shipyard several times a
month we already find over the owner
rarely visits he prefers to send clive
Goulding who helps maintain the veil of
confidentiality for his billionaire
client after all anyone who can afford
two yachts at 100 million euros apiece
is likely to have some special demands
some people are so sensitive that they
make you sign a nondisclosure agreement
before they will even come and visit you
so obviously that people who are
concerned about their privacy they're
also concerned about security very often
they come with with bodyguards depending
also to a certain extent on what part of
the world they're from now the Yard has
to be put through its paces for the
pilot it's also precision work it's the
first time the yacht is leaving the dock
75 meters from stem to stern with five
cabins for guests four decks and a
permanent crew of 12 was it all this
immense oh it's an enormous expense
operating costs are very high keep in
mind refueling the yacht takes about 150
tons
that's almost 180 thousand liters that's
quite pricey right there
floating palaces for the richest of the
rich for the 400 shipyard workers it's
all in a day's work and Mark felt house
is already designing the next luxury
yacht